IRIS-963 Add selective-diffing to visual docs (#2773)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/visual-testing/selective-diffing.md

---
id: selective-diffing
title: Sauce Labs Visual Testing
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

## Selective Diffing

Sauce Visual allows you to ignore only certain types of changes.
We support the following change types:
- **Content:** The text, image or other content changes.
- **Dimensions:** When the size of an element changes.
- **Position:** When the position (top left corner) of an element changes.

> - **Structure:** When an element was added, deleted or moved.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Structure:** When an element or attribute was added, deleted or moved.
```

- **Style:** When CSS was changed.

> - **Visual:** When something visually that cannot be categorized.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Visual:** When something visually changed that cannot be categorized.
```

> Note: To benefit from selective diffing, you need

> >   - to capture a DOM snapshot and compare with 
> >   - a baseline that also contains a DOM snapshot;
> >   - to use the BALANCED diffing method.

Author: ```suggestion
>   - A baseline with a DOM capture
>   - A snapshot with a DOM capture
>   - To request the BALANCED diffing method during the visual check
```
